t-minus one minute and Counting major
she's all yours
Mission Control this is Jupiter 1 the
Robinsons are all tucked in we are ready
to fly
the darkness come
try it could be thrown anywhere in the
galaxy anywhere but here
initiate we're lost
hardly their position is uncharted
that's not one of ours
I'm detecting motion behind you their
enemies are unknown evil knows evil so
my quarters are yours
why just hang on to your joystick
warning warning their survival is
uncertain
give me an excuse to kill you the
Robinson family will travel it'll be
like to jettison your body into deep
space they have a name beyond the
frontiers of adventure you'll find their
way home
lost in space
you